this is the estrogen spiral estrogen
to start you draw a line of 11
centimeters
in this 11-centimeter line
you make a point 15 at another point
there the left point will be the 2nd of the
right there you come back to the dry
1 and is graphite point in a2 on average
rotate up to the straight line
done that puts the 3 here
at this point the boot dry tip 1 or 2 and
points to graphite or 3 and does the same
thing coming to this line
and boots the 4
to even the dry tip on the man and points
of graphite in 4 and moths and makes mine
preference
This one is going to be " o么么么么 5".
1st 2nd 3rd 45
here comes the tip of the dry tip on o2 and
graphite tip on the a5 and comes free
67 conference
and this will be the West continues